add  OutputCachePolicy support (#2328)
microsoft/reverse-proxy: docs/docfx/articles/output-caching.md

Example:
```JSON
{
  "ReverseProxy": {
    "Routes": {
      "route1" : {
        "ClusterId": "cluster1",
        "OutputCachePolicy": "customPolicy",
        "Match": {
          "Hosts": [ "localhost" ]
        }
      }
    },
    "Clusters": {
      "cluster1": {
        "Destinations": {
          "cluster1/destination1": {
            "Address": "https://localhost:10001/"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

[Output cache policies](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/performance/caching/output) are an ASP.NET Core concept that the proxy utilizes. The proxy provides the above configuration to specify a policy per route and the rest is handled by existing ASP.NET Core output caching middleware.

Output cache policies can be configured in Program.cs as follows:
```c#
var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

builder.Services.AddOutputCache(options =>
{
    options.AddPolicy("customPolicy", builder => builder.Expire(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(20)));
});
```

> In Program.cs add the output caching middleware between Routing and Endpoints.
> 
> ```c#
> var app = builder.Build();
> app.UseRouting();
> 
> app.UseOutputCache();
> 
> app.UseEndpoints(endpoints =>
> {
>     endpoints.MapReverseProxy();
> });
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Program.cs add the output caching middleware.

```c#
var app = builder.Build();

app.UseOutputCache();

app.MapReverseProxy();
```
```

# Output Caching

## Introduction

> The reverse proxy can be used to output-caching requests before they are proxied to the destination servers. This can reduce load on the destination servers, add a layer of protection, and ensure consistent policies are implemented across your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reverse proxy can be used to cache proxied responses and serve requests before they are proxied to the destination servers. This can reduce load on the destination servers, add a layer of protection, and ensure consistent policies are implemented across your applications.
```

> This feature is only available when using .NET 7.0 or later

## Defaults

> No output cache is performed on requests unless enabled in the route or application configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No output caching is performed unless enabled in the route or application configuration.
```

## Configuration
Output Cache policies can be specified per route via [RouteConfig.OutputCachePolicy](xref:Yarp.ReverseProxy.Configuration.RouteConfig) and can be bound from the `Routes` sections of the config file. As with other route properties, this can be modified and reloaded without restarting the proxy. Policy names are case insensitive.

Example:
```JSON
{
  "ReverseProxy": {
    "Routes": {
      "route1" : {
        "ClusterId": "cluster1",
        "OutputCachePolicy": "customPolicy",
        "Match": {
          "Hosts": [ "localhost" ]
        }
      }
    },
    "Clusters": {
      "cluster1": {
        "Destinations": {
          "cluster1/destination1": {
            "Address": "https://localhost:10001/"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

[Output cache policies](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/performance/caching/output) are an ASP.NET Core concept that the proxy utilizes. The proxy provides the above configuration to specify a policy per route and the rest is handled by existing ASP.NET Core output caching middleware.

Output cache policies can be configured in Startup.ConfigureServices as follows:
```c#

> public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)

Reviewer 2: The samples need to be change to use the minimal APIs.  (https://github.com/microsoft/reverse-proxy/pull/2327)

Author: done
